I'm using a sharp knife to bone a four
pound chicken start by taking off the
legs cut into it the joint attaching the
drumstick to the thigh cut the flesh
surrounding the wing and this will make
it easier to step the wing bone off
to remove the breasts cut across the
carcass then cut down either side of the
breastbone the breasts should now come
away easily ready to cut in half season
with salt and pepper you will need the
carcass for the stock break the carcass
into and split each half into again you
now have four good sized pieces to avoid
getting splinters in your stock it's
best not to cut the carcass up too small
now we're just going to add a little
touch of cooking oil into the pan right
let's pop in these pieces of meat now
you can hear that and start to fry all
of this chicken now going to find these
so they're really golden brown but what
I'm going to actually do is allowed me
to just color that little bit more so
you can almost smell it when it's at
that point because I'm getting that
little nose there it's almost giving me
a slight bitter nutty flavor I can I can
smell it happening on the chicken and
when I turn it over and show you that
you can see exactly what I mean it's
just started to catch on the edge there
but not too far so now's the time for us
just to turn them over I want to make
sure we're sealing in all of that those
juices into that me
okay I think now these are filled enough
and we can start to put them into this
braising pot over here so straight from
the pan into the pot we can just turn
that down a fraction I'm going to add
just a little touch more of the cooking
oil because now I'm also going to fry
that carcass I want to have that cooked
flavor now it's this fried flavor that's
going to create the stop so let's add
that and along with it to help the taste
all I've got here is literally just one
sort of small carrot roughly chopped and
one onion and we can also add to that
just a few peppercorns and put a nice
sprig of thyme in there as well so the
beauty of this when you put the
vegetables into the pan what we're doing
now is drawing out any of those chicken
juices that were left in there and now
we're going to add about 300 milliliters
about half a pint of white wine so now
that is very very quickly reduced by
about half the next stage is just add
the water and again it's about 300
milliliters we're just going to pour
that on top as well and we can now turn
on this little pot at the back here
because we're going to be adding all of
this to our little casserole and you
haven't really got to worry about all of
the chicken being covered by this little
bit of stock here because of course with
the lid on it's going to create the
steam so everything is still going to
cook from this moment 20 minutes that
chicken is going to be absolutely
perfect so not to rush